Aceasta este o subtitrare pentru o melodie
insa, din fericire,
melodiile lui Chopin nu au nevoie de asa ceva. :)
and standards are the main way we get there.
As a developer, that is the dream come true
you just write your site once, and,
and no matter where it's being shown,
in what browser, on what platform, it's running the same way, in the same code.
if we behave differently than other browsers,
or the standards aren't written in a way that leads to interoperable implementations,
then developers just end up wasting their time.
rather than building cool things.
that we'll enjoy.
Platform Preview really gave us an opportunity to get
early bits into developers hands.
In previous releases we would do the best we could
from an engineering standpoint, and then we would ship a beta,
and that would be the first time that really the public could
get their hands on the code
and run the websites and find the problems
and get feedback to us.
So we realized we needed to get, we needed to get that feedback earlier,
and we really wanted to put the code into developer's hands sooner.
It's difficult when all the specs are moving, including HTML5 is a moving spec right now,
CSS3 is a moving spec right now,
and we are coding, and we're trying to ship a product.
So, it's difficult to hit those moving targets.
We have several people who were on the working groups.
This means weekly conference calls,
face to face meetings, all over the world.
The W3c does a technical plenary.
in the fall that they move in different cities each year
and it's really commiting the time and resources
and engaging the working groups and putting in the effort
to make sure the standards evolve at a good pace, and with good quality
It's a meeting of incredibly smart people who have
very strong ideas about the web and are very passionate about those ideas
and, and it can get heated!
but ultimately we recognize that we're part of a standards body and
we're trying to make the Internet better for everyone.
So we usually can come to some kind of a rational decision.
Typically what we do at Microsoft, to get feedback to the W3c is
is submit test cases.
So we look at the W3c spec, for CSS3.0 for example,
see what the paragraphs themselves say,
and then write a test case to verify that that paragraph is actually implementable in the browser.
We'll constantly be listening for feedback
we're looking for developers and customers to
tell us places where we're not behaving the same as other browsers,
and where it is affecting their ability to have the same code work across all browsers
We want to get that feedback as early as possible so
that we can make those changes and make those
improvements for the final release of IE9.
I think as a web developer, I would be really excited
for this release,
and principly because I see the progress.
I've seen the progress in the Platform Previews and I know that this
browser is adhering to the standards,
and that really gets me excited!
Y'know, I've worked on Internet Explorer for six years now,
it's been my entire time at Microsoft,
and every year on the browser it's gotten more and more interesting
it's just exciting to see the browsers evolving and innovating
just get better and better
every year.